How time flies! You have been away for two years.

Two years, we've all grown up. So far, I still remember how we met. You light up my youth, my dream. I don't know if you will take part in my future, I hope you'll always be the one to encourage me, I hope you'll always be the one that I can tell many worries person. I have seen such a sentence: To see the person you want to see, while the sun warm, while the breeze is not noisy, while he is still there, while you are not old.

I miss you.

As I live in the south of China, I like to eat food with sweet flavor. Someday, there comes the new people who live next to my house. They come to say hello and bring us the food from their hometown. I find that the flavor is so different. They like to eat salty food. I realize the diversity of food and I like it.

Recently, there are a lot of good movies brought to the screen. The final chapter of wolverine catches the audience’s attention. It is so hard to say goodbye to this strong image. The actor Hugh Jackman play so well and a lot of girls are crazy about him. The handsome face and perfect body shape make Jackman always be the one of the hottest male actors in the world. While he and his wife’s love story touches so many people. Before Jackman get famous, he meet his wife. She was beautiful and smart, but much older than him. They fell in love and soon get married. Many years have passed, his wife became old and fat. However, Jackman is so hot, and he loves his wife all the time. This is a perfect love story, and a good man deserves his fans to be followed.
For most people, travel is a great thing. They will make a long plan before the trip starts. It is believed that shopping and delicious food are considered to be the necessary plans. While for some people, they don’t care about the things mentioned above. Different people have different ways to travel.
For most people who enjoy shopping and delicious food, the purpose of the trip is to buy local products and to eat local food. So they prepare a large amount of money, enjoying the feeling of shopping. In a lot of tourist cities, almost all the shops will write the commercial ads with mandarin, for attracting more Chinese customers.
For other tourists, they just enjoy the atmosphere and do nothing. They prefer to sit in the cafe shop and read the books for a whole afternoon. Once I did not understand such behavior, but now, as I have seen more and more scenery, I started to realize that it was another way to relax themselves.
We can’t judge which way is best for a trip, because the way to enjoy life is various.
We are told some inspiring stories in the class, but when I really see the person around me, I feel the great power. I see a man without left leg. He keeps selling small products in the street. Many people like him and buy his goods. I admire him. Even though he is disable, he still fights for the future.
My English teacher is special, she teaches us in the different way. Since the day she comes to us, she says we can talk in the class, what’s more, we also can eat things, she never cares so much about the class rules. Her teaching method works, we always take the first place in the exam. I wish someday I could be a teacher like her.
The day when I go to primary school, my teacher tells us that we need to wear the uniform, at first, I am unwilling to do it, because the uniform looks very strange. But when I see other students put on it, they look so cool, so I start to like to wear my uniform. Now the uniform is like a tag for me, others will know where I am from.
I am ten years old, though I am not mature, I am on the way of growing up. Two years ago, I was very shy, I even couldn’t talk to the strangers. But now I have made progress, I can talk to the strangers and make friends with them. I am not the shy girl any more. I have grown up gradually, in the future, I will become more and more better.
White House Communications Director Hope Hicks resigns
Xinhua | Updated: 2018-03-01 09:29

File photo of White House Communications Director Hope Hicks. [Photo/Agencies]
WASHINGTON -- White House Communications Director Hope Hicks said Wednesday that she is resigning, becoming the third person to leave the post during President Donald Trump's tenure.

The announcement came a day after Hicks testified in Congress, during which she said she had told "white lies" while working for the administration.

"There are no words to adequately express my gratitude to President Trump. I wish the President and his administration the very best as he continues to lead our country," Hicks said in a statement.

"Hope is outstanding and has done great work for the last three years. She is as smart and thoughtful as they come, a truly great person. I will miss having her by my side but when she approached me about pursuing other opportunities, I totally understood. I am sure we will work together again in the future," US president Donald Trump said in a statement.

John Kelly, the White House Chief of Staff, said Hicks was "strategic, poised and wise beyond her years," add that she has done a "tremendous job."

Hicks, one of Trump's longest serving aides, has reportedly considered resigning for months. She was raised to the role after former communications director Scaramucci resigned last summer. It is expected that she will leave the White House in the next few weeks.